# ADR 1: 

* Jeremy Wells
* Frederik Krautwald

## Status

**proposal** | ~~accepted~~ | ~~depreciated~~ | ~~superceded~~

## Context

While writing tests for a service function I found that writing to a data store
and publishing to another topic queue was adding too much functionality to a
single service. This lead me to wondering about how business logic and data
storage should interact when a Command message is received.

The specific problem is to have a command that causes data to be written to
Firebase, but that data needs to be transformed by business rules before being
written.

1. Taking messages off the Command queue and I was writing from the payload
directly to Firebase and then broadcasting another message to another queue
with the data and the fact that I had created, updated or removed it. The problem
here was that the data hadn't been transformed yet. IF the transformations were
in this service then the service would be too fat and conducting business.

2. Have a repository service that listens to a queue and have a business service
that listens to the Command queue and MAY write to the repository service queue.

It makes sense to think of different layers:

**Domain layer** functions in the domain layer get messages and produce messages.
They should not be concerned with anything but the domain/business.

**Repository layer** functions are concerned with getting messages and storing
data.

business function looks like:
```
kinesis stream -> function(e:Data) {
 const transformed = transform(e) 
 kinesis stream.put(transformed)
} 
```

How to make this better:

```
kinesis stream -> outputToStream(name)(function(e:Data) {
  return transform(e)
})
```

repository function looks like:

```
kinesis stream -> functione(e:Data) {
  const data = extract(e)
  database.write(data)
}
```

## Descision

## Consequences
